docs: adding versioning and upgrade informations (#22)
sighupio/fury-distribution: docs/releases/v1.21.0.md

## Upgrade path

> From this version, we are introducing the new versioning system, see [versioning][versioning] section to know more about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this version, we are introducing the new versioning system, see the [versioning documentation file][versioning] to know more about
```

> **NOTE**: *The upgrade takes some minutes (depends on the cluster size), and you should expect some downtime during
the upgrade process.*

> [versioning]: https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/blob/master/docs/VERSIONING.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--  Links -->
[versioning]: https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/blob/master/docs/VERSIONING.md

```
